Add a `combineDataProvider` helper (#7055)
marmelab/react-admin: docs/DataProviderList.md

---
layout: default
title: "Supported Data Provider Backends"
---

# Supported Data Provider Backends

Thanks to the Data Provider architecture, react-admin supports a lot of API backends. Check the list below for open-source packages developed and maintained by the core team and developers from the react-admin community. 

> If you can't find a Data Provider for your backend below, no worries! [Writing a Data Provider](./DataProvidderWriting.md) takes a couple hours, and won't prevent you from using react-admin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you can't find a Data Provider for your backend below, no worries! [Writing a Data Provider](./DataProviderWriting.md) takes a couple of hours, and won't prevent you from using react-admin.
```
